1. A Universal selector will affect everything of the page. An element selector will affect everything that uses that element. Class selector is something that can be embeded into an element tag that can be refrenced to apply style to. An id selector is very similar to a class selector but can only be used once.

I'd use a universal selector for the background and probably the font to keep it consistent. I'd use an element selector to probably just for headings and maybe images. Most often I'd probably use the class selector in the div elements for specific styling, so it only affects that area, and so I can reuse the style. I'd use id selectors to style only one element as to separate it from the other elements.

2. My color palette was the fading between blue and orange, and was based off the image I used for the background. The colors I used were rgb(0, 30, 80), rgb(252, 104, 52), and rgb( 250, 222, 175).

3. For this assignment I read through the assignment online and in the book, while looking over every example until I understood it. From there I opened the assignment and went through step by step to complete the assignment. One thing I had trouble with was positioning the background image. I wanted to have it placed behind everything and brought to the top of the page, but I also wanted to keep it centered along with the rest of the elements, but I couldn't figure out how to get it to do everything. I also had trouble with the boxes around the text, but by the time I got it figured out, I actually grew to like it just stretching across the page, so I left it with basically how I started.
